---
layout: post
title: The hourly alarm clock. Ultimate solution to self discipline and changing your mindset.
image: /images/son-2106231.png
---

The major reason why we struggle with making ourselves do what we have to do is that we leave the decision to the exact moment that we need to make it, thereby requiring a huge amount of will power from ourselves, of which most times, we do not have.


If we take a look at some of the things we do with ease, we find that we have been doing them for a very long time without complaining. On the other hand, the things we have problems doing are things that we haven't done before, or do regularly, but always compain about. Either way our brains have not been given the chance to positively align with these activities or see them as fun. Our brains react to the present based on our memories and dominant thoughts. The brain has a need to relate what is happening right now to what has happened before( what is stored "upstairs"). This is why two people who partook in the same event will give usually different accounts of it. It's not that they witnessed different events, it's that their brains reacted to it based on their different memories and related it with what they already had "upstairs". So when they gave accounts, their accounts weren't just of the event, it was mixed with their past experiences(and opinions), most times unknown to the narrators themselves. We react to the present based on our memories and dominant thoughts, which is why whenever it's time for us to do something, the first thing our brain does is to search our memory for everything it knows about that task. Do we hate it? Are we always complaining about it? What actions do we take when it's time to carry out that task? Do we procrastinate? The brain has a need for patterns and consistency, so it tries to make you react the same way you have always reacted to that task(using patterns from your past). A student who's memory is filled with hating his/her studies and procrastinating on it will always react the same way whenever it's time to study, because the brain draws from patterns from his past( so you don't like to study because you don't like to study). During the semester, his brain compares the boringness of studying(the first pattern here is seeing studying as boring-it's all in the mind) to a hundred different ways he could be having fun at that moment and if it's something of a pattern for him to go for 'fun', he will continue to do so. When it's test and exams period, this time his brain compares the boringness of studying to the deadly consequence of failing, then the student picks the less hurtful task of studying. Unless of course there's already a pattern in his brain, of not seeing failure as something hurtful, then he still refuses to study. The only thing that differentiates such a student from someone who loves to study, is memory and dominant thoughts.


So if patterns are our doom, then they are also our saviour. If you hate to carry out some activities because of the kind of memory you have about them, then why not create new ones to "replace" the current ones? Long term memories are formed by repetition. The goal is to drill the idea into your head. When you think about something over and over again, it becomes registered in your brain and influences the way you think and act( see the ambiguity in that statement? ). This is why Napoleon Hill Suggested that we recite our goals everyday to ourselves; to keep it fresh in our mind and influence the way we act, but the only thing more effective than reciting something everyday is reciting it every hour. Hill's method helps for big and long term goals, where you only need to remind yourself once in a while to keep yourself on track. But for smaller goals such as quiting a bad habit, making yourself work longer everyday, or staying excited about an activity, you might not find the daily recitation to be very effective, reason being that the mind is a fickle thing that can be swayed by a simple blow of air. This means reciting your goal once a day might not give you the motivation you need throughtout the day. The motivation needs to be renewed. Say you are triyng to break a bad habit. You wake up in the morning and recite your goal to yourself. You feel inspired and start working through the day. Towards the end of the day, your bad habit could be triggered and you might have completely forgotten that you are supposed to stop it( habits are based on reflex ). Now you have to wait till the next day to recite your goal again. The problem with this is your habit is being performed far more frequently than you are thinking about stopping it. And going by our analogy about repitition leading to dominant thoughts which in turn leads to actions, Which do you think will be fresher in your mind? habit or thought about stopping it? which do you think will win the battle? Another point is that your habit or whatever you are trying to stop took you years to build, up to this moment. You've put a lot of time into it, knowingly or unknowingly. It has created a strong pattern in your brain and that's not going to be easy to break. This where the hourly alarm clock system comes in. You basically set an alarm for every hour in the day time, and whenever it rings, you recite your goal. Bear in mind that this isn't the easiest thing to do. Reciting some damned thing every hour is really difficult and annoying. At this point I have to say that this method is for after you have tried everything else and just can't get yourself to do what you need to do. If you like, you could increase the intervals between alarms to maybe two or three hours, as long as it's frequent enough to sustain you throughout the day.


Feelings must be felt when reciting. I cannot stress this point enough. Do not just mindlessly recite things and expect to have your all your dreams come through. It's not so much about reciting as it is about thinking. It has to be a mindful thought. The reason I used 'recite' throughout the article is because it makes it easier to understand what you are to do. Do not recite a pre-written or already prepared statement. That would just lead to mindless recitation. All you have to remember is what you are trying to think about, then produce the thought yourself at that moment( So everytime it's different sentences, but generally the same thought. I don't think  out loud, I just think it in my head - in sentences though).


As  you think, feel. It is important to let your feelings spring up as you think about your goal. For example, if you where trying to stop doing something, try as much as you can to bring up the urge you feel everytime you feel like doing that thing. Think of that urge, try to feel it, and then see yourself overcoming it. See yourself suppressing it and moving on. If you hate to study, think about how it feels whenever you have to study and you decide to do something else instead. See yourself overcoming that feeling and sitting down to study anyways.
Give it time. Do not expect to recite twice and turn into a workaholic robot. Making and breaking a habit takes time. So if you fail to get yourself to do something a couple of times after reciting, don't take it as failure. It's all part of the process. Just keep reciting.


how many goals to work on at a time. Most people say it's best to work on changing one thing at a time. While I do not know for sure, I honestly think that it's all the same. I work on changing a lot of things at once, and I usually succeed in changing all of them. Tinker with the method, and see which works best for you.


How long does it take. Once you master it, you can stop. After some days or weeks( however long it takes you ) when you start feeling confident about making yourself do whatever you want, you can turn off the alarms. But if you start to find yoursrelf failing again, then turn them back on.


This method is supported by [choice theory which was postulated by William Glasser](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasser%27s_choice_theory). It says that we can only control actions and thinking directly but can't control our feelings directly. And being humans, most of what we do and choose to do, is based on our feelings. Luckily for us we can control our feelings indirectly through our actions and thinking. Most articles on motivation and self discipline I have read seem to focus on controlling our feelings through our actions much more than through our thinking. Which is why they tell you to just take the first step into doing that activity that you hate, because once you get into it, your actions start to change your feelings about it. You start to love it. This is true, but here's the problem: When you really hate or dislike something, truth is you don't even want to take half the first step( atleast I know I don't ). Which is why I think the combination of both methods is the best. Using the hourly alarm clock method means configuring your thinking to change your feelings BEFORE you start the activity( your mind is prepared, and in the right form before starting ) rather than just trying to make yourself take the first step, even when you don't feel like it, which ironically takes almost as much willpower as making yourself do the whole activity.
