About Cozy Games
In 2005, Cozy Games was founded by a team of gaming experts to provide integrated gaming solutions to online platforms. Since then, Cozy Games has grown to become a leading slot producer and has partnered with other leading gaming companies. They boast a wide range of products from bingo games, table games, network jackpot games to classic and video games. The company has its headquarters in Malta and branches in Cyprus and India. Cozy Games is known for its passion for setting the highest standards in the gaming industry. Their facilities, both hardware and software, are equipped with multiple layers of security. They are one of the few gaming companies that own an ISO 9001 certified development center. Below are Cozy Games’ top 5 slots:



Treasures of Egypt
Treasures of Egypt comes with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 paylines. It has a low Return to Player (RTP) of 92.72% which indicates that the average return that you can expect back on your stake is low. Treasures of Egypt has an average ranking of 1783 out of thousands of games listed on slotslike.co.uk. It also ranks low at a position of 25, on the list of Cozy Games. It comes with 5 reels with which more winning combinations can be formed. The two main features of Treasures of Egypt are the Gamble Feature and free spins. Its low volatility means players should expect, frequent but small wins.

Chasin Treasure
Chasin Treasure has a medium to low RTP of 94.51%. It comes with 20 paylines, 5 reels, and 3 rows. In contrast to games with 3 reels, Chasin treasure has 5 reels, meaning that it has more features and bonus rounds, and can be used to form more winning combinations. This game ranks fairly low, taking a position of 2454 out of over 5000 games on slotslike.co.uk. It has low volatility, which means that it pays out small amounts with frequent wins. It also has a low ranking of 26, out of all Cozy Games. Some of its main features are Improving Symbols and Gamble feature, while some of its themes are pirates, gems, and treasure.

Diamond Dice.
Diamond dice is another game from Cozy Games. It comes with 20 paylines, 5 reels, and 3 rows. It also comes with a medium Return to Player (RTP) rate of 95.03%, so players can expect a fair return on their investment over time. It has medium volatility, which makes it suitable for players who prefer games with a balance between the number of wins and the amount to be won. Diamond dice has a pretty low ranking. It occupies position 2546 out of the games on the slotslike.co.uk. It also ranks low on the Cozy Games list, occupying a position of 27.


Hot Habanero
The Hot Habanero game is another slot developed by Cozy Games. It has a medium to high Return to Player (RTP) (96.22%) which means that it pays a fair or average return on investment to players. Hot Habanero comes with 15 paylines, 5 reels, and 3 rows. It has medium to low volatility. This means that players should expect getting frequent wins with small amounts of money won. Hot Habanero has a low ranking of 2853 on slotslike.co.uk’s list of games and ranks 28 out of Cozy Games’ slots.

Painted Elephant
The Painted Elephant game is one of the few games with a high Return to Player (RTP) rating (99.11%). This makes the game very attractive to players who would like to get a high return on their investment over time. Painted Elephant comes with 20 paylines, 5 reels, and 3 rows. The 5 reels provide players with more features and bonus rounds. Painted Elephant has medium volatility, meaning there’s a balance between winning frequency and the amount of money won. It has a low ranking of 3158 out of over 5000 games on slotslike.co.uk, and ranks 29 out of all Cozy Games’ slots.


About Crazy Tooth Studio
Crazy Tooth Studio is a full-service game development studio that was founded in 2011. Crazy Tooth Studio, otherwise known as CTS prides itself as the world's leading team of experts (known as CTS arsenal). They are known for the innovation they’ve brought to the gaming industry, as well as the pace at which they introduce new slots and slot features to the gaming world. Crazy Tooth Studio is always going the extra mile and pushing the boundaries of innovation and possibilities in game design. One of their unique selling points is that they create new games that are compatible with pretty much any engine, thereby making their products accessible to all users.
Located in Nevada, USA, Crazy Tooth Studio is the creator of games such as; Lady Earth, Arctic valor, Diamond force, etc.

Lady Earth
Lady earth is ranked number 1 of all Crazy Tooth Studio games. It is a high Return to Player (RTP) game with an RTP of 96.80%. It has medium to low volatility, so players should expect to either win frequently while getting small wins or average winnings fairly frequently. Lady Earth, however, has an average ranking on the list of games on slotslike.co.uk. It’s at position 331. Some of its main features are Multipliers, Pick a Prize bonus, No Win respins.

Diamond Force
Diamond Force is another game from Crazy Tooth Studio with a high Return to Player (RTP) rate, having an RTP of 96.53%. It comes with 5 reels and 4 rows. On the list of Crazy Tooth Studio games, Diamond force has a high rating, occupying the second position. One of the exceptional features of this game is the number of paylines. It has an incredible 1024 paylines. This huge number of paylines increases your chances of winning greatly. Diamond Force has high volatility, which implies that a player gets sparse but big wins. However, this game ranks averagely with a position of 435 out of the thousands of games listed on slotslike.co.uk.

Arctic Valor
Arctic Valor is another one of the top 5 games developed by Crazy Tooth Studio. It comes with 6 reels and 4 rows. With the high number of reels, players get to enjoy more themes and aesthetics. It is a high Return to Player (RTP) game with a 96.70% rate. Arctic Valor is close to the top of the list of all Crazy Tooth Studio games, ranking at number three. It has a decent rating among the slot games listed on slotslike.co.uk, where it occupies the 623rd position. One of its greatest features is the number of paylines it has. Arctic Valor has an impressive 4096 number of paylines. It also has medium-low volatility which presents a balance for conservative and daring players. 

Incredible Ballon
Incredible Ballon is ranked at number 4 on the list of all Crazy Tooth Studio games. It has a high Return to Player (RTP) rate of 96.75%. This makes the game a great choice for players who prefer games that gives them a high return on their investment. Incredible Balloon has a small number of paylines, which reduces the chances of winning, as playing on more paylines is considered to be the best long-term strategy for winning. This game comes with 5 paylines, 5 reels, and 3 rows. It also has medium to low volatility.



Seven 7s
Seven 7s ranks at number 5 of all Crazy Tooth Studio games. It is a high Return to Player (RTP) game with an RTP rate of 96.60%. It has a very low number of paylines - just one. And it has 10 reels and 1 row. The high number of reels could compensate for the low number of paylines, as players can get more bonus rounds. Seven 7s has low volatility, meaning you win a lot but the amount of money you make on each win is small. This kind of volatility is especially heartwarming for new gamers who are usually more interested in frequent wins. This game ranks very low on the list of games on slotslike.co.uk where it occupies the position of 3319. 


FUGA Gaming Technologies 

Since its game development forays over 20 years ago, FUGA games have made solid efforts at emphasizing the innovative possibilities of game development. FUGA has become popular for its diversity in game development which is conspicuously evident only in the variety of games released from its stables, but also in the assortment of its customer base. 
A strikingly common feature of the games developed by the British company is their content ingenuity and graphics superiority. From Slot games and multiplayer table games to online genes, the story is the same. The customer-centric motive behind each game is easily detectible. The good news is, they don't seem like they plan on slowing down. 

Mr. Illusio 
Mr. Illusio performs in the streets of the city and doesn't spare any material in his bag of tricks. Players find this game quite engaging and rewarding. Players will enjoy up to 10 multiplayer spaces as they take advantage of a great number of free spins. With an impressively high RTP of 96%, 5 reels, 3 rows, and an easy to analyze - 20 pay lines slot machine, players should expect good benefits for playing. Taking the 4th spot in the FUGA gaming slots and the 3107th position at Slotlike.co.uk, Mr. Illusion could have done better with more stimulating background music. Its low volatility is perfect for gamers who want to cash out big. All round, Mr. Illusio is a decent game to play. 

Polar Picnic 
Polar Picnic ranks the highest of all the FUGA gaming online slots and 2074 in the Slotslike.co.uk catalog with its collection of amazing incentives like the expanding wilds, no-win respins, free spins, and the random feature. This 5-reel, 3 row game offers between 20 - 40 pay lines - enough to create the probability of a financially-rewarding gaming experience. It's 96.00% Return to Player feature encourages the player to remain hopeful and ambitious. With its medium volatility, it creates a win-win balance for both the new and low-risk oriented gamer and the experienced and daring player. In the end, everyone gets what they want. 
Kiss of Luck 
The Kiss of Luck is the classic example of FUGA Gaming's graphics dexterity and artistic prowess. A delight to play. Ranking at 2nd place among the FUGA Gaming family and 2075 in the Slotslike collection, Kiss of Luck remains the darling of many gamers. Players will enjoy its 5 reels, 3 rows, and 30 pay lines facility that gives ample winning opportunity without hassles. Although it comes with a medium-low 94.00% Return to Player, its low volatility presents the opportunity to get that once-and for all massive win which experienced players love. Kiss of Luck comes with mystery bonuses, multiplayer, and free spin features that players will find delightful. 
Witchcraft 
There are enough rounds for players to create an exciting gaming experience and take advantage of high winning chances with Witchcraft. Placing at number 5 among the FUGA slot gaming family, Witchcraft occupies the 3658th position in the Slotslike collection. With its 96.00% Return to Player incentive, Witchcraft encourages the player to explore the opportunities in the world of magic. The 5 by 3 slot system comes with a range of 20-40 pay lines which provides enough winning chances and medium volatility that will suit the preferences of both the conservative and the daring gamer.
Witchcraft boasts of some of the most exciting features like the Random and Expanding Wilds, No Win Respins, and themes like Magical, Witch, and Wealth themes. 
Fruit O Matic 
Many gamers have found that playing the 5 reels 4 row-Fruit O Matic is pretty fruitful and rewarding. With a medium-high Return to Player of 96.00%, there is every reason to keep going on the fruitful search for a win. The 40 pay lines offer more than enough winning opportunities and its low volatility helps the player to focus on big wins only. Fruit O Matic is the 3rd ranking game from the stables of FUGA gaming and occupies number 2722 in the Slotslike collection. Players enjoy its attractive Fruit theme, and its No Win Respins and Progressive Jackpot features. 



NuWorks Gaming

NuWorks Gaming, a brainchild of Hastings International B.V burst into the scene in 2011 to complement the strides of Real Time Gaming (RTG) which had already gained some recognition in the slot gaming arena. NuWorks kept the slot gaming world in suspense by not releasing any games until after the first few years after its launch instead of focusing on defining their brand and preparing for success. 
NuWorks has been one of the most innovative slot game developers around. They have successfully made their brand stand out in the area of graphics and player incentives. NuWorks has some of the most robust game bonus systems and is, with its vast range of entertaining games, building an increasingly diverse and loyal customer base.
Camper's Cash 
Online slot players who want a mix of frequent payouts and large wins will love Camper's Cash medium volatility a whole lot. With its medium Return to Player percentage of 95.66, there is every reason to keep enjoying the search for luck. Camper's Cash will not be loved by players who prefer a higher number of paylines with its 9 paylines in 5 reels and 3 rows system. Camper's Cash occupies the 2408 slot at the Slotslike collection and the 3rd position amongst the NuWorks catalog of slot games. Its themes include Adventure, Cash, and Jackpot with mouthwatering Progressive Jackpot and Free Spins bonuses. 
Crystal Ball 
Taking the 5th place among the NuWork Gaming online slots and 2517th place in the Slotslike collection of online slot games, Crystal Ball gives you a magical engagement with fortune and luck. The 5 reels and 3 rows game has just 5 paylines which is easy to follow but quite narrow in cash out windows. Crystal Ball seems to compensate for this with its high Return to Player percentage of 96.12 which guarantees that players can continue to enjoy their gaming experience with more confidence. Its medium-low volatility is well suited for daring and experienced players who are looking for a massive haul. It's Doubled Wins and Gamble Feature are a worthy icing to the cake. 
Catmandu 
Catmandu is another product from the stables of NuWorks. Not only does it have a high Return to Player percentage of 96.29, but it also boasts medium-High volatility which is candy to new gamers for whom the thrill of constant wins will help boost their morale and momentum. Catmandu is a casino-themed 5 reels by 3 rows slot game that occupies the 2446th position in the Slotslike online gaming collection and the 4th place among the NuWork online slot gaming contributions. One notable property of Catmandu is its high number of paylines which creates an opportunity for more frequent wins alongside help from its Mini-Game, Free Spins, and Progressive Jackpot features. 
Bank Bandit
Bank Bandit takes the player into the adventurous, action packed, and saturated bank heist simulation scene marked by themes such as Vaults, Cops, and Robbers. Players tend to fall in love with this game. It has a solid and inviting 96.59% Return to Player, a 5-reel, 3-row, and 25 paylines slot system which promises high winning possibilities. 
Bank Bandit occupies the 2nd spot among the NuWork Gaming online slot contributions and 2302 position in the Slotslike collection. Bank Bandits has nice features like Progressive Jackpot, Random Feature, Free Spins, and Random Wilds features. Its medium-low volatility is suitable for both conservative and risk-loving players. 
Alaskan Sun 
Alaskan Sun ranks at 1st place among the NuWorks Gaming online slots family. With 25 paylines, a 5 by 3 slot system and a massive 97.49% Return to Player, it tends to be a gamers' delight. 
Alaskan Sun comes with up to 50 free games, a whopping multiplier that gets up to 1000, and three Progressive Jackpots, Free Spins, and Random Wilds. It showcases themes such as Frozen and Arctic while possessing medium volatility that suits both the cautious and the daring gamer. It takes the 2226th position in the Slotslike catalog.


